<!doctype html>
<html lang="en-GB">
<meta charset="utf-8">
<meta name="description" content="" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/style/style.css">
<link rel="icon" href="images/logo.svg">
<link rel=”mask-icon” href=”images/logo-w.svg” color=”#FFFFFF">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="images/logo.png">

<title>February committee meeting</title>


<header>
  <img id=masthead src="/images/logo-w.svg" alt="Portsmouth Cycle Forum" />
  <h1><a href="/">Portsmouth Cycle Forum</a></h1>
  <p><a href="/">Portsmouth Cycle Forum is a group for anyone who cycles, or wants to cycle, in and around Portsmouth UK.</a></p>
</header>

<nav id="navmenu">
    <h2>Menu</h2>
    <span class="innerlist">
        <a href="/">All Articles</a>
        <a href="/about">About us</a>
        <a href="/a-city-to-share">Our Strategy</a>
        <a href="/join">Join Us</a>
        <a href="/support-us">Donate</a>
        <a href="/report-near-misses">Report</a>
    </span>
</nav>


    <nav id=taglist>
    <h2>Tags</h2>
        <span class="innerlist">
        <a class="tag" href="/tags/agm">agm</a><a class="tag" href="/tags/committee">committee</a><a class="tag" href="/tags/cycle-counts">cycle-counts</a><a class="tag" href="/tags/e-scooters">e-scooters</a><a class="tag" href="/tags/friends-of-the-earth">friends-of-the-earth</a><a class="tag" href="/tags/meetings">meetings</a><a class="tag" href="/tags/pcf">pcf</a>
        </span>
</nav>



<main>
  <h1 class=title>February committee meeting</h1>

  
<aside id=date class="published"><img src="/images/calendar.svg" alt="Publication date" title="Publication date">Saturday 13 February 2021</aside>


  <aside id="reading"><img class="icon" src="/images/clock.svg" alt="Estimated reading time" title="Estimated reading time"> 1 min</aside>


  
    <img src="images/2021-02-12-19_01_17-Window.png" alt="February committee meeting">
  

  <article>
    <p>Are you zoomed out yet? Think of us, on a Friday night still going at 8pm for our monthly committee meeting! Still - it’s always a good opportunity to share ideas with beers.</p>
<p>So what’s happened this month?:</p>
<ul>
<li>We’ve had joint input with Portsmouth Friends of the Earth to a council scheme to green up North End Avenue and improve access for walking and cycling</li>
<li>We've reminded Colas (AGAIN) that use of “cyclist dismount” signs at roadworks is against equality advice, as people using bikes as mobility aids may not be able to dismount.</li>
<li>Discussed the scope of highways closures in the city and how they affect cyclists.</li>
<li>We’ve heard that the city’s e-scooter trial is still coming along and could be delivered by March.</li>
<li>Heard about cycle signage that points to locked gates in the north of the city.</li>
<li>Discussed potential future public meetings for 2020.</li>
</ul>
<p>We’ve also received the data from PCC for all cycle count sites for 2019 and 2020 so we’re looking forward to a big analysis session - if any of our members have good statistical analysis skills - we’d love to have your help.</p>
<p>Finally, at our AGM in April, we will be looking for at least a new Secretary and Treasurer to take up their posts, but are always interested in more people joining us to share the workload and contribute to better and safer cycling in Portsmouth. If you have specific skills or interests to offer please do get in touch.</p>
<p>Agata Blazevic officially joined the committee tonight. We’re really happy to welcome her and look forward to the benefit of her experience as a cargo bike mama!</p>

  </article>
</main>

<footer>
  <p>&copy; Portsmouth Cycle Forum 2023.</p>
  <p>Volunteers maintain this site - could you help?
  <p>Here's our <a href="https://github.com/pompeybug/website/issues">things to do</a> list!
</footer>

