<!doctype html>
<html lang="en-GB">
<meta charset="utf-8">
<meta name="description" content="" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/style/style.css">
<link rel="icon" href="images/logo.svg">
<link rel=”mask-icon” href=”images/logo-w.svg” color=”#FFFFFF">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="images/logo.png">

<title>July committee meeting</title>

<header>
  <img id=masthead src="/images/logo-w.svg" alt="Portsmouth Cycle Forum" />
  <h1><a href="/">Portsmouth Cycle Forum</a></h1>
  <p><a href="/">Portsmouth Cycle Forum is a group for anyone who cycles – or wants to cycle – in and around the Portsmouth area.</a></p>
</header>

<nav id="navmenu">
    <h2>Menu</h2>
    <a href="/">Articles</a>
    <a href="/about">About</a>
    <a href="/join">Join</a>
    <a href="/support-us">Donate</a>
</nav>


    <nav id=taglist>
    <h2>Tags</h2>
        <a class="tag" href="/tags/barriers">barriers</a><a class="tag" href="/tags/farlington-marshes">farlington-marshes</a><a class="tag" href="/tags/meetings">meetings</a><a class="tag" href="/tags/pcf">pcf</a>
    </nav>



<main>
  <h1 class=title>July committee meeting</h1>

  
<nav id=metadata>
  <h2>Date</h2>
  <span class="published">2021-7-25</span>
</nav>



  
    <img src="images/Barriers-stuck-brake-levers-2.jpg" alt="July committee meeting">
  

  <article>
    <p>This month we discussed the funding bid PCC put to the Department for Transport’s Capability Fund, to help them develop better cycling infrastructure and support for the future. All very high level, the proof will be in the pudding.</p>
<p>There’s stilll no news from Highways England on a new date for the Farlington Marshes cycle route closure. We expect this will now have to wait until after the summer due to bird nesting season. But at least HE has agreed to vastly improved signage of the alternative route when they do. We’ll be keeping a very close eye out for more details.</p>
<p>After PCC postponed their recent decision meeting, sign off on the Local Cycling and Walking Infrastructure Plan and Local Transport Plan 4 is now delayed until October. However, we hear that the new Local Plan will be out to consultation this summer - if anyone fancies lending a hand to craft a response, let us know.</p>
<p>Engagement was on the agenda - how to get more of our lovely membership more directly  involved in our advocacy work. We have some plans afoot, including a new “show and tell” spot at open meetings where people can share their own stories of cycling in our city. Does this appeal to you? Let us know and we’ll get you on the bill.</p>
<p>In recent weeks, Chair, Ian Saunders took Labour councillor for Central Southsea Charlotte Gerada and Labour group leader George Fielding on a ride around Charlotte's ward. Ian shared the good, the bad, and the ugly of infrastructure and asked Charlotte to help to improve this. Agata and Nicola did the same with Cllr Cal Corkery of Charles Dickens ward. The ward has won funding for safer streets and the committee is concerned this will be spent on K-barriers down alleyways to prevent mopeds. Trouble is, the also prevent cycles, double buggies, walking aids, mobility scooters and can make spaces feel less safe, particularly at night. Cal took note and will share further details with us when he has them. We’ll be riding with more councillors soon, but why not ask your own ward councillor to do the same with you?</p>

  </article>
</main>

<footer>
  <p>&copy; Portsmouth Cycle Forum 2023.</p>
  <p>Volunteers maintain this site - could you help?  Here's our <a href="https://github.com/pompeybug/website/issues">things to do</a> list!</p>
</footer>

