<!doctype html>
<html lang="en-GB">
<meta charset="utf-8">
<meta name="description" content="" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/style/style.css">
<link rel="icon" href="images/logo.svg">
<link rel=”mask-icon” href=”images/logo-w.svg” color=”#FFFFFF">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="images/logo.png">

<title>Open Meeting 8 July</title>


<header>
  <img id=masthead src="/images/logo-w.svg" alt="Portsmouth Cycle Forum" />
  <h1><a href="/">Portsmouth Cycle Forum</a></h1>
  <p><a href="/">Portsmouth Cycle Forum is a group for anyone who cycles, or wants to cycle, in and around Portsmouth UK.</a></p>
</header>

<nav id="navmenu">
    <h2>Menu</h2>
    <span class="innerlist">
        <a href="/">All Articles</a>
        <a href="/about">About us</a>
        <a href="/a-city-to-share">Our Strategy</a>
        <a href="/join">Join Us</a>
        <a href="/support-us">Donate</a>
        <a href="/report-near-misses">Report</a>
    </span>
</nav>


    <nav id=taglist>
    <h2>Tags</h2>
        <span class="innerlist">
        <a class="tag" href="/tags/Meetings">Meetings</a>
        </span>
</nav>



<main>
  <h1 class=title>Open Meeting 8 July</h1>

  
<aside id=date class="published"><img src="/images/calendar.svg" alt="Publication date" title="Publication date">Wednesday 30 June 2010</aside>


  <aside id="reading"><img class="icon" src="/images/clock.svg" alt="Estimated reading time" title="Estimated reading time"> 1 min</aside>


  

  <article>
    <p><a href="http://www.pompeybug.co.uk/2010/06/open-meeting-8-july/toucan/"><img src="http://www.pompeybug.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/toucan.jpg" alt="" title="toucan"></a>The new Local Transport Plan for Portsmouth (LTP3) and Traffic Control in the city are the main topics for the meeting of Portsmouth Cycle Forum on 8 July.</p>
<p>Pam Turton and Hayley Todd from Portsmouth City Council will speak on LTP 3 which will set out the long term strategy and policies to address the transport challenges and deliver transport improvements for the area.</p>
<p>Barry Rawlings, also from Portsmouth City Council, will answer all your questions on traffic control including traffic lights, pedestrian crossings (Pelicans, Toucans, Zebras ..) and plans for the future.</p>
<p>The meeting is open to everyone interested in cycling and will be held in Room 1 on the third floor of Portsmouth Guildhall from 7 to 9pm.</p>

  </article>
</main>

<footer>
  <p>&copy; Portsmouth Cycle Forum 2023.</p>
  <p>Volunteers maintain this site - could you help?
  <p>Here's our <a href="https://github.com/pompeybug/website/issues">things to do</a> list!
</footer>

